Name: Justin Projansky
utln: jproja01

Answer the questions below, and submit your answers under the
assignment "CalcYouLater Design Checkoff" on Gradescope.  You must
sign up for a design checkoff slot with a TA to discuss your provided
answers (see spec for link).

Unless otherwise specified, your answers below should be *brief*: no
more than three sentences/question.

        
1. Are you comfortable using try-catch?  How do you think you would
   use this in your design for this assignment?

   Lets say my program consists of: 

   funcA() {
	throw runtime_error() 
   }

   funcB() {
       workA()
       funcA()
       workB()
   }

   funcC() {
       try {
	    funcB()
       }
       catch(runtime_error) {
	  workC()
       }
   }

   I call funcC().  Which of the "work" functions will be called, and
   in what order?

   Answer: workA() will be called first, but workB() will be skipped since
           funcA(), which immediately throws an error, is called first. Thus,
           since funcB() returns an error, workC() then runs.


2. Run the following example on the reference: 

   ./theCalcYouLater
   3 { a.txt } + 
   print 

   What happens after the first command?
   What happens after the second?

   Answer: After the first command, an error stating "datum_not_int" is
           generated. After the third command, another error stating
           "empty_stack" is generated.


3. Extend the previous example.  What happens if I try to perform "+"
   between a string and an integer?  Which elements are popped off the
   stack and remain popped off?

   Answer:  When this happens, a "datum_not_int" error is generated, and
            nothing gets added to the stack. Thus, when the stack is printed, an
            error is generated because the stack remains empty.

4. What does exec do?  What does file do?  What does if do?

   Answer:
        - exec takes the top element of the stack (assuming it's an rstring),
          and it turns the string's contents into a sequence of commands
        - file pops the top element of the stack (assuming it's an rstring
          containing a filename). It takes the contents of the rstring as a
          file name, and it replaces the rstring's contents with those from
          the file. The commands from the file are then processed.
        - if pops two rstrings off of the stack and a boolean; it
          executes the first rstring when the boolean is false, and it
          executes the second rstring when the boolean is true.


5. Consider the if example from the spec: 

   3 4 < 
   { #t } { #f } if 
   print 

   Draw the stack after each Datum is processed. 

Answer: 
    1. #t
    2. #t, { #t }, { #f }
    3. #t, { #t }
    4. #t
    5.
    6. #t


6. How will your program interact with the user? What should happen if your
   program encounters an error during this interaction?

Answer: My program will perform all tasks requested by the user or input file,
        and it will print the stack only when called for. If the program
        encounters an error, it stops the current tasks and prints the error,
        and the program keeps running regardless (I assume due to the error
        catch system).


7. What classes will you need in your program?  What are the important
   functions and member variables that those classes will comprise?
   How will the classes interact (i.e., which classes will be clients
   of others)?

   What data structures will you use?  It is okay if you use more than
   three sentences here.  Feel free to provide your answer in list
   form.

   Answer: 
    - Classes:
        - Datum
            - This class will store all kinds of variables on the stack.
            - It will also contain some functions for comparing two
              DatumStacks and a couple of other useful functions.
        - RPNCalc
            - This class will be the main driving force of the program.
            - This class keeps track of all possible user-inputted commands,
              and its functions help execute these commands.
            - This class will hold the main stack that the rest of the program
              revolves around, and the class will have multiple functions in
              order to manipulate the stack.
    - How they will interact:
        - The DatumStack class will be used by the RPNCalc class.
            - Specifically, the RPNCalc class's stack will consist of multiple
              DatumStack objects.
        - The RPNCalc class will the the primary place to perform user-inputted
          tasks, and DatumStack's functions will help with this.
    - Data structures:
        - A stack to implement the main functionality of the program
        - A list (potentially an ArrayList or Linked List) to implement
          the stack


8. There are three sources of input for processing commands: cin,
   files, and rstrings.  What C++ data type can allow you to write the
   same code that handles commands from all three of these sources?

   Answer: All three of these are instances of std::istream, which could be
           used to handle commands from all three sources. Thus, I can decide
           which one to use, and I can pass along the corresponding istream
           to a function, so all three input sources will have the same
           underlying code handling them.


9. How do you plan to test your program?  What evidence of testing do
   you plan to submit?

   Answer: I plan on testing my program primarily with unit tests. This is to
           ensure that all of my functions work as intended and create the
           expected output on the stack. I will also need to use diff testing
           to find whether or not the output matches between my program and the
           sample program.
           I plan on submitting my unit_tests.h file as well as any command
           files I use to diff test.


10. What is your timeline for completing this project?  What would you
    like to have completed, and by which dates?

    Answer: I plan to submit phase 1 of the project on time (by tomorrow at
            11:59). I then plan on spending a couple hours a day (likely
            lasting until the end of the weekend) working on the functions and
            ensuring that all of them perform the required tasks with no bugs.
            I will spend the last couple of days doing some final rigorous
            testing (using unit tests and diff testing) to ensure that no
            strange errors slipped through the cracks.